this is the website addres: 124 Stud Rd, Dandenong VIC 3175, phone number: 0434 538 142, Change the content of the home page based on this information, add a contact form, a sticky navigation and phone icon on both desktop and mobile devices , in the suburbs page i would like to cover all these suburbs and its closest vicroads: https://postcodez.com.au/postcodes/vic/melbourne/south-east. In every page i would like to have search by suburb search bar. In Drive test info page: I would like to cover: VicRoads Address, opening hours, Drive Test Stages at VicRoads Frankston

Drive Test involves 2 stages:

Stage 1: It involves pretty simple driving tasks. It is conducted in low risk environment.

Duration: 10 mins

After the end of stage 1, Licence testing officers asks you to find a safe place and pull over to the kerb. They calculate the scores for stage 1. If you are successful in stage 1, only then you can progress to stage 2

Stage 2: It includes more challenging tasks. It is conducted in busy traffic atmosphere.

Duration: 20 mins
Pre-Drive Safety Check

To start with you are required to perform Pre-Drive check before actual driving. It is to check your knowledge about vital controls of the vehicle. You have to identify following controls:

    OPERATE

Indicators

Brake Lights

Hazard (Emergency) Lights

Headlights

Washer and Wipers

    POINT OUT

Horn

Handbrake

Front Demister

Rear Demister
Critical Errors

Drive test will be terminated straightaway if you commit more than 1 critical error in stage 1. Or more than 2 critical errors in whole test. These critical errors are:

Too Slow

Fail to Look

Fail to Signal

Block Pedestrian Crosswalk

Mount Kerb

Stall

Incomplete Stop

Illegal Action
Immediate Termination Errors

If you commit an immediate termination error, your drive test will be terminated straightway. These immediate termination errors are:

Intervention

Disobey Direction

Collision

Fail to Give Way

Excessive Speed

Stop at Dangerous Position

Fail to Stop

Dangerous Action, i would like to cover the topics in this site: https://transport.vic.gov.au/registration-and-licensing/licences/probationary-licence/drive-test-for-a-victorian-drivers-licence